.TH "rigel" 1 "(c) 2006, 2007 Harry Bock"
.SH NAME
rigel \- AN851/FRC Program Reader/Loader
.SH SYNOPSIS
rigel [OPTIONS] [FILE]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B rigel
is a program designed to replace IFI_Loader, a program distributed
with the FIRST Robotics programming system. It can load programs onto
any FIRST controller (FRC, VEX, etc.) that uses the AN851 protocol,
including non-FIRST versions for Microchip (TM) PIC18 chips (PIC16 chips
are not explicitly supported, but may work).

In addition to programming devices, rigel can read back the current program
data into INHEX32 format, load binary or INHEX32-formatted data into
EEPROM, and load the master firmware for FIRST controllers.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B -s, --serial=DEV
Use TTY device DEV for connection. Defaults for supported systems:
Linux: /dev/ttyS0
Windows (CYGWIN): /dev/ttyS0
Mac OS X: /dev/tty.serial

USB serial adapters and Bluetooth modems may be used.
.TP
.B -d, --read=REGION
Read data from memory region REGION to the INHEX32 file specified as FILE.
Supports: program (default, FLASH memory minus loader), boot (AN851 loader),
eeprom
.TP
.B -f, --format=FMT
Specify the format for the input or output file. Supported: hex (INHEX32),
bin (IFI .BIN format), raw (binary data - use with caution). Defaults to
INHEX32 format.
.TP
.B -r, --run[=yes,no]
Run currently loaded program after all operations complete [default].
.TP
.B -e, --erase
Force erase all flash memory on device.  Can be used to erase without loading a program.
.TP
.B -i, --no-ifi
Disable IFI erase extensions for FRC/IFI controllers.
.TP
.B -p, --eeprom
Load input file to data EEPROM instead of FLASH.
.TP
.B -m, --master
Update (or downgrade) master processor firmware (FRC/IFI controllers only).
.TP
.B -c, --configreg
Print out possibly interesting information based on configuration register data.
.TP
.B -l, --devlist=CONF
Use file CONF for device configuration settings.
Defaults to ~/.rigelrc or /etc/rigelrc.
.TP
.B -v, --verify
Verify all written data against original source data.  Recommended, and only
adds a few seconds to the load time.
.TP
.B -h, --help
Show these options.
.TP
.B FILE
Filename to load program from or read data to.
.SH AUTHOR
Harry Bock <hbock@providence.edu>
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright (C) 2006-2008 Harry Bock

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program; if not, write to the Free Software
Foundation, Inc., 675 Mass Ave, Cambridge, MA 02139, USA.
 
